Allow filtering for admins in the list accounts admin API (#16114)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/user_admin_api.md

  **or** displaynames that contain this value.
- `guests` - string representing a bool - Is optional and if `false` will **exclude** guest users.
  Defaults to `true` to include guest users.

> - `admins` - Optional flag to filter admins. if `true` only admins are queried. `false` **exclude** admins.
>   When the flag is absent admins are **included**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `admins` - Optional flag to filter admins. If `true`, only admins are queried. If `false`, admins are excluded from the query.
  When the flag is absent (the default), **both** admins and non-admins are included in the search results.
```

Author: Comment adjusted.
